samples: wifi: Add STA sample (#8876)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

> * Added :ref:`wifi_scan_sample` sample for Wi-Fi Scan functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added :ref:`wifi_scan_sample` sample that demonstrates how to scan for the access points.
```

> * Added :ref:`wifi_station_sample` sample for Wi-Fi Connect functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added :ref:`wifi_station_sample` sample that demonstrates how to connect the Wi-Fi station to a specified access point.
```
